So we're finished with our rabid MQ curse.
And I think you enjoy that and you're going to use the examples and the methodology and you're both
professional and personal projects.
So I'd like to thank you very much for joining me in this course.
With this cause I think you're going to be sharing much more with your existing implementations.
And of course with the feature ones that you're thinking in your mind you did they were a good job of
faking discourse and I hope you learned a lot from the scores and make sure to go over lectures again
and again to grasp all the concepts about rabid.
Q And of course this is not everything about rabbit.
Q There are much more advanced messaging scenarios and patterns using rabbit in Q and Amcu protocols.
I'm planning to make a course about these advanced techniques on message patterns and messaging systems.
But before I start I want to do a poll about this.
And considering your answers to my poll I'm going to be preparing and other course containing the enterprise
messaging systems messaging designs and patterns with rabbit MQ.
And finally I'd like to thank my wife supporting me in this course to create and to help me she this
so.
Thank you very much again.
And I hope to see you on the next course.